I don't know if it's the cactus or the tequila or just the unique combination of ingredients, but the flavour of this hot sauce makes it one of a kind! We picked up a bottle once on a trip we were on and brought it back home with us and were/nOne of my boys needed to lose some weight and the other didn't. I put this food on the floor for the chubby guy, and the protein-rich, no by-product food up higher where only my skinny boy can jump. The higher food sits going stale. They/nMy cats have been happily eating Felidae Platinum for more than two years. I just got a new bag and the shape of the food is different. They tried the new food when I first put it in their bowls and now the bowls sit full and the kitties will not touch/ngood flavor! these came securely packed... they were fresh and delicious! i love these Twizzlers! I love the smell of the Twizzler. I like the taste of the caramel. I love that they come in a pack of six. I also love the flavor of the/nThe Strawberry Twizzlers are my guilty pleasure - yummy. Six pounds will be around for a while with my son and I. We will be spending some time with our son and his family in the next few weeks. It will be great to have some time together./nSix packages of strawberry twizzlers are delivered to your home. The shipment of six pounds really hit the spot for your daughter. She loves twizzler's and this shipment was just what she needed. It's exactly what you would expect...six packages of Strawberry Twizzlers./nI love eating them and they are good for watching TV and looking at movies! It is not too sweet. I like to transfer them to a zip lock baggie so they stay fresh so I can take my time eating them. It is good to look at movies but not too/nI am very satisfied with my Twizzler purchase. I shared these with others and we all enjoyed them. I will definitely be ordering more of these in the future. I am very happy with my purchase and will be ordering many more of them in the near future./nTwizzlers, Strawberry my childhood favorite candy, made in Lancaster Pennsylvania by Y & S Candies, Inc. One of the oldest confectionery Firms in the United States, now a Subsidiary of the Hershey Company. According to the Guinness Book of Records, the/nCandy was delivered very fast and was purchased at a reasonable price. I was home bound and unable to get to a store so this was perfect for me.  I was very pleased with the service and the price was very reasonable. I will be using this for the rest of my/n